You are in a position of power
Are you trying to kill us?
Are you trying to say you hold a high position in prison?
I'm just stating the facts
Whatever you want. I can't figure it out.
You should think about how to get through this situation first
I offer you a life
You cut off your legs and get out of here
As for these secrets?
So I went upstairs.
Looking at the dormitory, you can still go crazy in the fragrance
Hahaha Lin Yan
Dealing with trash only gets your hands dirty
That's a good point.
This way you don't get your hands dirty
You're still confused
When he's off the phone, he'll naturally beg us
I've already shown mercy
What a pity!
Even if they build something, kneel down and show mercy
And definitely not because of the consequences
They're just afraid of punishment.